>> Mike: And this is the smallest
exercise of the whole course here.
We're still gonna take 12 minutes for
it, but
we're gonna build on the earlier example.
Remember we had the rainbow
list of buttons.
It was our first use of a mixin.
So you're starting with
a solution to that problem.
But what we wanna do is use
the lightness color function and
if to basically decide that
when a color is too light,
we want to change the text on
the button from white to black.
So that it pops out a little
more against the background.
So here if like the other two on
the yellow button in the middle,
if that were still white text you
wouldn't be able to see it at all.
So this is a really common use case,
you can imagine.
Our themes may have been
really interesting,
this function that we just built.
But there are certain color combinations
where it's just not useful.
It's not going to provide what we want.
So take the solution to the earlier
exercise as your starting point.
It should be like a three or
four line change.
Involving use of the lightness
Sass function and
an if to conditionally
change the background color.
So I change the text color if
the background color is too light.
And the threshold that I'm testing for
is 70% or 0.7.
Sass does not care which one you use.